Isn't Mr. Fang very confident just now?
Why are you afraid?
If you are afraid, keep your head down in the future
I will be afraid if you fart
5 million 5 million
I still don't care about this money.
In that case
Then we'll sign a gambling sentence
By the way, open a supervised account bureau
Put 5 million in
By the way, when you lose, you don't admit the bill.
I have to sign it, I'm afraid you won't admit it
Mr. Xia Guangyuan's 5 million has been confirmed to be deposited
OK, then I'll sign the sentence
Brat lost
Then I'll let you see how I play
I'll withdraw the next pair.
Mr. Wang, don't go halfway
You can only find your mother when you cry
Husband, what stock do we buy this time?
Maoxiang Technology
This stock has achieved steady growth
Just buy Maotao Technology
What are you laughing at?
Do you know what stocks to buy?
What if you don't know?
You can follow me and put a dog.
Maybe there's still a chance to beat me
I have already bought it.
To pay for glass